welcome to house labs ombre expense and
this time we've got gifts for cooks
everything for the beginner to the
everyday and the advanced and with me
today is Joey Altman
he's a berry a chef in restaurant
consult thanks for joining us Joey my
pleasure to be here with you so let's
kick it off let's say you're buying a
gift for me sort of the beginner chef
where do you start well for you I would
start you off with a really good knife
because that is the difference between
having fun and not having fun in the
kitchen so you want to spend at least a
hundred dollars on a really good chef's
knife every day chef knife that you can
jump chicken vegetables fish whatever
and you want one that has a good weight
and also a one that has a full tang
meaning that it's one solid piece of
metal that goes from the top all the way
through the handle and you also want to
get one that has the ability to really
take a nice sharp edge because a dull
knife is not fun either right so you
want to keep a sharp knife and what I
like about this particular knife it has
these divots in it and what this it's
not just a cool look not just for looks
this create this takes away that vacuum
it creates these air pockets so when
you're cutting through things like
onions and sometimes because of the
moisture in the onions they can create
the vacuum yeah this just makes it like
a hot knife through butter
good to know the next thing you need is
a good surface to cut on glass no good
plastic not great wood is the best and I
love bamboo especially because one it's
a sustainable resource but it's also
naturally an antibacterial things get in
there the enzymes in the wood and kill
the bacteria so it's a much safer and
boo and it feels great and it looks
great yeah I like to feel this yeah
that's great okay cool and then and that
you're done and after you're done doing
what you're doing I'm gonna clean up so
it's really good to have soap a nice
accessible soap dish with good natural
soap cleanup prep cook clean you're done
you're out done that's it thank you sir
you're welcome my pleasure so there you
go some great ideas for the beginning
chef in all of us and be sure to check
out the whole idea book at house com